DOCSP-47835 Clarify batchsize behavior (#215)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-listSearchIndexes.txt

     * - batchSize
       - integer

>        - The maximum number of documents within each batch returned in a query result, which applies 
>          to the ``aggregate`` command. By default, the ``aggregate`` command has an initial batch size of 
>          ``101`` documents and a maximum size of 16 mebibytes (MiB) for each subsequent batch. This
>          option can enforce a smaller limit than 16 MiB, but not a larger
>          one. If you set ``batchSize`` to a limit that results in batches larger than
>          16 MiB, this option has no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - The maximum number of documents within each batch returned in the indexes list, which applies 
         to the ``aggregate`` command. By default, the ``aggregate`` command has an initial batch size of 
         ``101`` documents and a maximum size of 16 mebibytes (MiB) for each subsequent batch. This
         option can enforce a smaller limit than 16 MiB, but not a larger
         one. If you set ``batchSize`` to a limit that results in batches larger than
         16 MiB, this option has no effect.
```

     * - batchSize
       - integer
       - The maximum number of documents within each batch returned in a query result, which applies 
         to the ``aggregate`` command. By default, the ``aggregate`` command has an initial batch size of 
         ``101`` documents and a maximum size of 16 mebibytes for each subsequent batch. This
         option can enforce a smaller limit than 16 mebibytes, but not a larger
         one. If you set ``batchSize`` to a limit that results in batches larger than
         16 MiB, this option has no effect.

         A batchSize of ``0`` means that the cursor will be established, but no documents 
         will be returned in the first batch. This may be useful for quickly returning a cursor

>          or failure from ``aggregate`` without doing significant server-side work.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to discuss "batchSize of 0" for the `listSearchIndexes()` helper. Consider removing this paragraph.

It makes more sense for general `aggregate()` helpers and to a lesser extent `find()`. But the fact that listing search indexes uses `aggregate` is really more of an implementation detail that users won't care about.
